Drop `cached_network_image` package (#9923)
flutter/website: src/cookbook/images/network-image.md

    'https://docs.flutter.dev/assets/images/dash/dash-fainting.gif');
```

## Image fade in with placeholders

The default `Image.network` constructor doesn't handle more advanced

> functionality, such as fading images in after loading. To accomplish this task, see
> the following recipe:

Reviewer: Since this isn't a list anymore, you can just inline the mention.

```suggestion
functionality, such as fading images in after loading.
To accomplish this task,
check out [Fade in images with a placeholder][].
```
